Docs changes for platform (#329)
hirosystems/docs: docs/platform/how-to-guides/how-to-create-project.md

An example workflow of the steps required to create a new project is described below.

## Create Project

On the [*projects page*](https://platform.hiro.so/projects), you can create a new project by selecting the *Create project* button.
To create a new project, you can start with a *Blank project* or use one of the examples displayed in the project modal - Hello world, Ordyswap, Clarity bitcoin, Counter, Fungible token, Lightning swaps, NFT marketplace, Non-fungible token.

![Create new project](../images/create-new-project.png)

Once you select a new project from the list, the selected project will be displayed on the [projects](https://platform.hiro.so/projects) page. The remaining of this section walks you through the *Hello world* project.

![Hello world project](../images/hello-world-project.png)

Select the project to see its contracts with a Contract name and an option to *Deploy* the contract.

## Import Project from GitHub

This section helps you import your project from GitHub.

![Import from GitHub](../images/import-from-github.png)

> You can use any project with clarity files `.clar` to import into the Hiro Platform and deploy the contracts to mainnet or testnet environments.

Reviewer: Here would be a good place to highlight the import size limit. More here: https://www.notion.so/hiropbc/Platform-images-28bf0e15a50d4c109c94f2e6d46c899e?pvs=4#0ebeb8a9acad40cdba61b89f064f00a2

> After your import, your project shows a list of .clar files, as shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your import, your project shows a list of Clarity contracts ending with `.clar` extension, as shown below. 
```

![Import Clarinet project from GitHub](../images/import-clarinet-project.png)

> Now that you have created or imported your projects, you can now deploy the contracts. Follow the [how to deploy contracts](how-to-deploy-contract.md) guide to walk you through the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy the contracts now that you have created or imported your projects. Follow the [how to deploy contracts](how-to-deploy-contract.md) guide to walk you through the process.
```
